Add SSO integration to the headline features. (#1486)
theforeman/theforeman.org: _includes/manuals/1.24/1.2_release_notes.md

## Release notes for {{page.version}}

### Headline features
#### Single Sign-On (SSO) support using OpenID-Connect

> Foreman is now capable of performing Single Sign-On with the help of various OpenID Providers, such as Keycloak or Auth0, using the OIDC protocol. With the help of OpenID Providers, organizations can incorporate multiple auth sources such as User Federations (LDAP or Kerberos), Social (GitHub, Twitter, Openshift) and shall be able to perform two-factor authentication (OTP, smart card, code generation). The SSO feature enables an `External` user to login into Foreman using an OpenID Provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Foreman is now capable of performing Single Sign-On with the help of various OpenID Providers, such as Keycloak or Auth0, using the OIDC protocol. With the help of OpenID Providers, organizations can incorporate multiple authorization sources such as User Federations (LDAP or Kerberos) and Social (such as GitHub, Twitter and others) and will be able to perform two-factor authentication (using OTP, smart card or code generation). The SSO feature enables an `External` user to login into Foreman using an OpenID Provider.
```
